chore: move the skills to ./claude directory (#412)
ripplearc/construculator-app: .claude/skills/pr-review/SKILL.md

  check naming, CoreUI, testing, streams, localization, accessibility, logging,
  or UI/business separation.

>   Trigger phrases: "review my PR", "review branch/X to branch/Y",

Reviewer: This narrows trigger matching rather than widening it:

- `"review this PR"` is dropped — it is the most common phrasing, and the one the PR description itself uses.
- `"review feat/X to main"` is replaced by `"review branch/X to branch/Y"`, a placeholder no user types. The previous form matched the repo's real branch naming.

This field is the frontmatter `description`, which is what drives model invocation, so both forms are worth keeping:

```suggestion
  Trigger phrases: "review this PR", "review my PR", "review feat/X to main",
```

  "check my branch", "code review", "analyze my changes".
disable-model-invocation: false

> allowed-tools: Bash Read Grep Write

Reviewer: `allowed-tools` expects a comma-separated list; this is space-separated. Pre-existing, but this PR is what makes the frontmatter live under `.claude/skills/`, so it is the moment to correct it.

```suggestion
allowed-tools: Bash, Read, Grep, Write
```
